> [!CAUTION]
> Please do not edit this file(page) manually since the workflow will overwrite your changes.
>
> This file(page) is automatically generated by the workflow `Update test problem wiki page` using the script `tool/wiki/sync_test_problem_pages.py`.
>
> The workflow is triggered by push changes to any of `example/test_problem/*/*/README.md` and `tool/wiki/sync_test_problem_pages.py`.


# Compilation flags
- Must enable
   - [[MODEL=HYDRO | Installation: Simulation-Options#MODEL]]
   - [[PARTICLE | Installation: Simulation-Options#PARTICLE]]
   - [[GRAVITY | Installation: Simulation-Options#GRAVITY]]
   - [[SUPPORT_GSL | Installation: Simulation-Options#SUPPORT_GSL]]
- Must disable
   - [[COMOVING | Installation: Simulation-Options#COMOVING]]
- Available options
   - [[Miscellaneous Options | Installation: Simulation-Options#miscellaneous-options]]


# Default setup
[[OPT__FREEZE_FLUID | Hydro#OPT__FREEZE_FLUID]] = 1


# Note
1. You can put many clouds of particles in the HYDRO mode,and observe their evolution through gravity.
   To assign the number of clouds, input the desired number in the variable `ParEqmIC_Cloud_Num` in `Init_TestProb`.
   And input the file names of physical parameters in `Input__TestProb` for each cloud respectively.

2. Test the evolution of all sorts of models, like Plummer, NFW, Burkert, Jaffe, Hernquist, Einasto.
   To switch among different models, set `Cloud_Type` in your physical parameter files.

   Available options include:
   `Plummer`, `NFW`, `Burkert`, `Jaffe`, `Hernquist`, `Einasto`, and `Table`

   If you want to initialize a model with a given tabular density profile, use the option `Table` and input
   your file name in `Density_Table_Name` in your physical parameter files; otherwise input `NONE`.

4. Sometimes the spatial resolution is not high enough for some models like Jaffe.
   Please increase [[MAX_LEVEL | Runtime-Parameters:-Refinement#MAX_LEVEL]] in `Input__Parameter`.

5. You can construct multiple clouds of particles at the same time.
   For example, replace `Input__TestProb` with `Input_TestProb_Double` will allow you to construct two clouds of particles.
   For details, you may check `Input__TestProb` for further instructions.

6. To generate example density or external potential tables, you may use the python files in `tool/table_maker/`.
