> [!CAUTION]
> Please do not edit this file (page) manually since the workflow will overwrite your changes.
>
> This file (page) is automatically generated by the workflow `Update test problem wiki page` using the script `tool/wiki/sync_test_problem_pages.py`.
>
> The workflow is triggered by push changes to any of `example/test_problem/*/*/README.md` and `tool/wiki/sync_test_problem_pages.py`.


# `configure.py` options
- Must enable
  - [[--model | Installation:-Option-List#--model]]=`HYDRO`
  - [[--particle | Installation:-Option-List#--particle]]
  - [[--gravity | Installation:-Option-List#--gravity]]
  - [[--tracer | Installation:-Option-List#--tracer]]
  - [[--hdf5 | Installation:-Option-List#--hdf5]]
- Must disable
  - [[--comoving | Installation:-Option-List#--comoving]]
- Available options
  - [[Miscellaneous Options | Installation:-Option-List#miscellaneous-options]]


# Default setup
- Maximum refinement level ([[MAX_LEVEL | Runtime-Parameters:-Refinement#MAX_LEVEL]])=`3`
- Both massive and tracer particles enabled


# Note
- Test particle capabilities: 2-body circular orbit for massive particles, a
  lattice of tracer particles which rotates due to a circular velocity field
  from the fluid with constant angular frequency.
- Set `ParTest_Use_Tracers`=`1` to use tracer particles, `ParTest_Use_Massive`=`1`
  to use massive particles. At least one must be enabled.
- No need to set [[PAR_NPAR | Runtime-Parameters:-Particles#PAR_NPAR]] in `Input__Parameter`
  since it will be reset automatically.
- [[OPT__FREEZE_FLUID | Runtime-Parameters:-Hydro#OPT__FREEZE_FLUID]] must be 1 for this test.
- If [[OPT__FLAG_USER | Runtime-Parameters:-Refinement#OPT__FLAG_USER]] is set,
  a rectangle will be refined in the center of the domain.
  - Note that the active particle orbit is _not_ stable in this case due to self-force at refinement boundaries.
- Density of the gas must be kept very small to avoid gravitational effects from the gas.
- Use python script `make_tracer_pngs.py` with yt to make PNG images, use
  bash script `make_tracer_movie.sh` to combine PNGs into movies with `ffmpeg`.
- Set [[OPT__OUTPUT_PAR_MESH | Runtime-Parameters:-Outputs#OPT__OUTPUT_PAR_MESH]]=`1` to output the mesh attributes, as listed in
  `Input__Par_Mesh`, to tracer particles. Use the python script `check_mesh2tracer.py`
  to verify the mesh attributes recorded in the HDF5 snapshots.

# Links
[[Main page of Test Problems | Test-Problems]]

