> [!CAUTION]
> Please do not edit this file (page) manually since the workflow will overwrite your changes.
>
> This file (page) is automatically generated by the workflow `Update test problem wiki page` using the script `tool/wiki/sync_test_problem_pages.py`.
>
> The workflow is triggered by push changes to any of `example/test_problem/*/*/README.md` and `tool/wiki/sync_test_problem_pages.py`.


# `configure.py` options
- Must enable
  - [[--model | Installation:-Option-List#--model]]=`HYDRO`
  - [[--particle | Installation:-Option-List#--particle]]
  - [[--gravity | Installation:-Option-List#--gravity]]
  - [[--gsl | Installation:-Option-List#--gsl]]
- Must disable
  - [[--comoving | Installation:-Option-List#--comoving]]
- Available options
  - [[Miscellaneous Options | Installation:-Option-List#miscellaneous-options]]


# Default setup
- [[OPT__FREEZE_FLUID | Runtime-Parameters:-Hydro#OPT__FREEZE_FLUID]]=`1`


# Note
- You can put many clouds of particles in the HYDRO mode,and observe their evolution through gravity.

  To assign the number of clouds, input the desired number in the variable `ParEqmIC_Cloud_Num` in `Init_TestProb`.

  And input the file names of physical parameters in `Input__TestProb` for each cloud respectively.

- Test the evolution of all sorts of models, like Plummer, NFW, Burkert, Jaffe, Hernquist, Einasto.

  To switch among different models, set `Cloud_Type` in your physical parameter files.

  Available options include:
  `Plummer`, `NFW`, `Burkert`, `Jaffe`, `Hernquist`, `Einasto`, and `Table`

  If you want to initialize a model with a given tabular density profile, use the option `Table` and input
  your file name in `Density_Table_Name` in your physical parameter files; otherwise input `NONE`.

- Sometimes the spatial resolution is not high enough for some models like Jaffe.

  Please increase [[MAX_LEVEL | Runtime-Parameters:-Refinement#MAX_LEVEL]] in `Input__Parameter`.

- You can construct multiple clouds of particles at the same time.

  For example, replace `Input__TestProb` with `Input_TestProb_Double` will allow you to construct two clouds of particles.

  For details, you may check `Input__TestProb` for further instructions.

- To generate example density or external potential tables, you may use the python files in `tool/table_maker/`.

# Links
[[Main page of Test Problems | Test-Problems]]

