> [!CAUTION]
> Please do not edit this file (page) manually since the workflow will overwrite your changes.
>
> This file (page) is automatically generated by the workflow `Update test problem wiki page` using the script `tool/wiki/sync_test_problem_pages.py`.
>
> The workflow is triggered by push changes to any of `example/test_problem/*/*/README.md` and `tool/wiki/sync_test_problem_pages.py`.


# Demonstration of phase mismatch after refinement and restriction

## Explanation
This test problem demonstrates that refining and restricting the wave function in ELBDM leads to a mismatch of the phase on the coarse levels when the option [[OPT__INT_PHASE | Runtime-Parameters:-ELBDM#OPT__INT_PHASE]] is on.

Further, it shows that the new option [[OPT__RES_PHASE | Runtime-Parameters:-ELBDM#OPT__RES_PHASE]] remedies the mismatch immediately after restriction, but does not prevent the formation of artifacts at the coarse-fine boundary.

It uses the `GaussianWavePacket` test with suitable initial parameters and refines a region at the center of the Gaussian wave packet.

## Execution
1. Compile a version of GAMER with [[--model | Installation:-Option-List#--model]]=`ELBDM`
in [[--mpi | Installation:-Option-List#--mpi]]=`false` mode

2. Put the executable `gamer` in the test problem directory

3. Run three times to generate three runs (without refinement, with restriction, and with new restriction) and plot differences between the three runs

   ```bash
   sh ./compare_restriction.sh
   ```

## Output
The script first executes `4` runs in total: `3` runs for `2` time steps that contrast the cases without restriction, the old restriction and the new restriction option;

`1` run that underscores that the artifacts still appear at later times. In total, the script generates `6` plots.

The plot named `ComparisonOfRestrictionMethodsBeforeEvolution.png` compares the phase fields on level `0` immediately after refinement and restriction.

The refined fields are not evolved before creating this plot.

The plots show the phase field on level `0`, their laplacian and the mismatch between the fields from a run with refinement and a run without refinement.

The phase field after restriction with the standard restriction method in GAMER exhibits a significant mismatch with the run without refinement.

In other words, refinement and restriction alter the values of the phase field on level `0`.

The new restriction method does not cause a mismatch of the phase field on level `0`.

However, as the plot named `ComparisonOfRestrictionMethodsAfterEvolution.png` shows, the phase fields on levels `0` and `1` still evolve differently.

The resulting mismatch is bigger than the one caused by the old restriction method.

This is also shown in a series of four plots titled `Data_%06d_Slice_z_density.png` that are created from a run with the new option [[OPT__RES_PHASE | Runtime-Parameters:-ELBDM#OPT__RES_PHASE]] turned on.

The grid is unrefined in timestep `0`, refinement and restriction are performed at the end of timestep `1` and the refined fields are evolved during timestep `2`.

Plot `3` that is created later during the run highlights that the artifacts are not remedied by the new restriction option.

# Links
[[Main page of Test Problems | Test-Problems]]

