> [!CAUTION]
> Please do not edit this file (page) manually since the workflow will overwrite your changes.
>
> This file (page) is automatically generated by the workflow `Update test problem wiki page` using the script `tool/wiki/sync_test_problem_pages.py`.
>
> The workflow is triggered by push changes to any of `example/test_problem/*/*/README.md` and `tool/wiki/sync_test_problem_pages.py`.


# `configure.py` options
- Must enable
  - [[--model | Installation:-Option-List#--model]]=`HYDRO`
  - [[--eos | Installation:-Option-List#--eos]]=`COSMIC_RAY`
  - [[--cosmic_ray | Installation:-Option-List#--cosmic_ray]]
  - [[--cr_diffusion | Installation:-Option-List#--cr_diffusion]]
- Must disable
  - [[--comoving | Installation:-Option-List#--comoving]]
  - [[--particle | Installation:-Option-List#--particle]]
  - [[--gravity | Installation:-Option-List#--gravity]]
- Available options
  - [[Miscellaneous Options | Installation:-Option-List#miscellaneous-options]]


# Default setup
- `CR_Diffusion_Type`=`4`     (Blastwave)
- `CR_Diffusion_Mag_Type`=`4` (Suwa+ 2007)
- 3D simulation


# Note
- The analytical solution of `CR_Diffusion_Type`=`{0,1,2,3}` must set all fluid to be fixed but cosmic rays.


## `CR_Diffusion_Type`
- Gaussian distribution ball (`CR_Diffusion_Type`=`0`)

  - All of the fluid must be fixed, except for cosmic rays.

- Step function ring         (`CR_Diffusion_Type`=`1`)
  - All fluids must be fixed, except for cosmic rays.
  - This test problem is a 2D simulation.
  - The analytical solution assumes the CRs diffuse along the azimuthal direction only.

- Gaussian distribution ring (`CR_Diffusion_Type`=`2`)
  - All fluids must be fixed, except for cosmic rays.
  - This test problem is a 2D simulation.
  - The analytical solution assumes the CRs diffuse along the azimuthal direction only.

- Gaussian distribution plane (`CR_Diffusion_Type`=`3`)
  - All fluids must be fixed, except for cosmic rays.
  - The analytical solution assumes the CRs diffuse along the diagonal direction.

- CR driven blast wave        (`CR_Diffusion_Type`=`4`)
  - This test problem is a 3D simulation.


## `CR_Diffusion_Mag_Type`
- Uniform    (`CR_Diffusion_Mag_Type`=`0`)
  - Uniform magnetic field.
- Circular   (`CR_Diffusion_Mag_Type`=`1`)
  - Only works for 2D simulation
  - For x-y plane: `B = (-y/r, x/r, 0)` where `r = sqrt(x^2+y^2)`.
  - Using `CR_Diffusion_MagX` as amplitude.
- Random     (`CR_Diffusion_Mag_Type`=`2`)
  - NOT divergence free!
  - `-1. < B_i < 1.`
- Radial     (`CR_Diffusion_Mag_Type`=`3`)
  - NOT divergence free!
  - Only works for 2D simulation
  - For x-y plane: `B = (x/r, y/r, 0)` where `r = sqrt(x^2+y^2)`.
  - Using `CR_Diffusion_MagX` as amplitude.
- Suwa+ 2007 (`CR_Diffusion_Mag_Type`=`4`)
  - Follows [Suwa+ 2007, PASJ, 59, 771](https://doi.org/10.1093/pasj/59.4.771) setup
  - Using `CR_Diffusion_MagX` as amplitude.


## Set simulation dimensions
The dimensions are controlled by `CR_Diffusion_G{X,Y,Z}`.

For example, the 1D simulation running on the y-axis should set the following:
```
CR_diffusion_GX 0
CR_diffusion_GY 1
CR_diffusion_GZ 0
```

For example, the 2D simulation running on the x-z plane should set the following:
```
CR_diffusion_GX 1
CR_diffusion_GY 0
CR_diffusion_GZ 1
```


## How to fix fluid
Not available right now.


## `yt_L1error.py`
- The file structure should be like:
  <pre>
  ./ --+-- res_0032 --+-- Data_000000
       |              |
       |              |-- ...
       |
       |-- res_0064 --+-- Data_000000
       |              |
       |-- ...        |-- ...
  <\pre>
- Uncomment or comment your simulation type and set the parameters.

# Links
[[Main page of Test Problems | Test-Problems]]

